Brother Heng
He is indeed a member of the Lian family
Farmers have a lot going on in the fields
Brother arrested
I never saw him in the village
It's also normal
Although it should not be taken seriously
but if
Just catch anyone
He sent him back to work in the county government
The blame will not be placed solely on the district judge
He'll be too busy to do anything
No time to find the real villain
several brothers
Not on those with legs of clay
waste time
Leo Caputo
Even Brother Heng said so
look
let's go
Wang Yong
Why do you want to help me?
I won't help you
I just don't want that
He brings trouble to Manier's family
again
Finish
Then he left quickly
he goes
sister in law
We don't need to be angry with Man Ye Dou
Am I angry with her?
I'm angry, Dad
Countless pairs of eyes are watching
Not only did he scold me
You still want to hit me
it's not because
That girl, Leanne Maner, is instigating conflict
maybe it's on the ground
Sister-in-law, how should I arrange your affairs?
What other reasons could there be?
that's what i said
I am angry
correct
But we are all a family
Will that girl be that person there again?
Sister-in-law, don’t do this
keep in mind
Rose
do you have any suggestions
What happened between you and Munir?
Talking too much is not good for me
Rose
Leanne Maner is a very bad girl
What else do you think of her?
Please help my sister-in-law think of a solution
All right
Then I found a way
I'll tell my sister-in-law again
Flowers are the best to me
dad
It's early morning
Why did you call us here?
I won’t be going to the fields for a while.
I called you here before I went to Earth.
it's important
Discuss with all family members
I'm thinking about that
We'll talk about this again in a few days
Dan Shuren and his family
After harvesting the autumn harvest, I returned to the city.
After thinking about it, I think...
We should make good use of the time we spend together
tell this
this matter
Xiulin and I are together
all
Where is Sanal?
I know
he is children's child
I don't think he would object.
this is not
flowers
He will get married soon
What to do after marriage?
Under Shuren's knees
This means there are no children or daughters around to fulfill your filial piety
third wife
If the fetus is a boy
Leave it to Shuren.
dad
Sanal
you are still young
Can it still be regenerated?
From now on this baby
Follow Shurin and others to read and write
He made a huge contribution
Better than being a jerk at home
a hundred years later
This is Shulin
There is still one
No one carries the coffin to the funeral
It doesn't matter
make a deal
grandfather
Since the whole family is here to discuss
I have two things to say
you say
It doesn't matter whether Xiaoba is a boy or a girl
You can't pass it on to your uncle.
Because we're tearing our families apart
separated from family
I heard it right
we want to separate our families
Saleh has no son
I don’t have a good daughter-in-law either.
How dare you break up a family, right?
take my bones
Take him to the mountain and bury him
bury
Mother
Dad is very angry
quickly
Sanal
my father knows
you don't say anything
Still thinking
What happened to Manier last time?
you feel uncomfortable
But who is this man?
Everyone has an obligation to take a step
Not when you make a mistake
Manier
you are a young man
You don't understand many things
Where are the people in this room?
In addition to father and son, there are also mother and son
just brothers
He has a broken bone
tendon still attached
No matter who did something wrong
We should all be tolerant, right?
house
think about it carefully
we must work together
once separated
Then this
This house is broken
How is my grandfather?
Tell such a pedantic truth
He said it brilliantly
What did you say
I said
Just because my parents are easy to talk to
It's normal to feel this way
they may be wrongly accused
Manier
Mother
do not speak
Grandpa said a lot
family relations
Principles of life
But at that time, my uncle
Suitable for broken jade pendants
When you are ready to sell me to death
How could they possibly have any friendship?
During this time
I miss the baby in your belly again
if we never break up
Let them eat and wipe them clean
This girl has such a nice mouth
Sanal
You mean the same thing
Do you really want to separate from your parents?
dad
exhibit
third family
I thought about being separated from my family
You are all big brothers and sisters
you should think about it
You are the one who wants to take charge
After rapid rise
I will never forget Laosan and the others
support them in everything
let them follow you
enjoy together
you remember
dad
My son realized his mistake
I've been blinded by lard before.
I will definitely treat my third brother well in the future.
three younger brothers
Yes
again
Bros
No overnight feud
You'll want more in the future
just like before
respect each other and surrender
remember?
I remember
he remembers
Sanal
Your brother and everyone else knew they were wrong.
dad
I heard you say
No
Did your father and mother talk?
I said no
shut up about your faults
Queen
an old man
Mother
What’s wrong with you
Go and ask the doctor quickly
Mother
you go
hurry up
Queen
Insufficient Qi and blood
The fetus is a little unstable
But it's not a big problem
rest and relax
please
Xiao Qi
Fortunately, it was okay, I was just scared to death.
look
The shoes that mother sewed for Xiaoba
everything is fine
Stop looking at the shoes
Take a good rest first
I go to temple every day
Burn incense and pray for blessings
Just take medicine every day
My heart and liver taste bitter
You are actually a secret
Discuss with the elderly
I want to take care of a third family's children
adopted
many years
There was no movement either.
Isn't the old man worried too?
I think you are anxious
I tell you
Husband guides wife
If you keep getting into trouble like this
What's your job
what do you want
I
Lian Shuren
My family of origin was very wealthy at that time.
My father advised me to marry you
Just like this mud-legged guy
just feeling
You even study hard to cultivate people
He will definitely be nice to me in the future
I don't want to think about ever since I followed you
i insist on anything
Talented woman's name
Beautiful days are coming to me
i never had it
If it weren't for my two sons
he died young
Why am I here today?
suffer this humiliation
alright
in my heart
I feel bad too
The second and third oldest children both have sons.
I don't have one
It allows people from rural areas
What can I say about me?
I allow these friends to come to my city
How to discuss
It's weird, it's all your fault
It's all your stomach's fault
Not meeting expectations?
Manier
You are very impulsive today
It's a matter of family separation
Don’t mention it again in the future
this family
Who among us hasn’t had our share of ups and downs?
bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump ntb ntb ntb ntb ntb ntb ntb ntb ntb ntb ntb
My uncle sold me to be buried
bumpy
I want my mother's belly
The baby is ten months pregnant
bumpy
Why should Xiaoba be adopted by them?
Why do we care for them until they die?
a group of vampires
for a group of vampires
elder sister
What is a vampire?
They are evil spirits that specialize in sucking human blood.
but your father
This sentence is true today
I just
Mud legs are lame
your uncle
It's a decent world
perhaps
Xiaoba is following your uncle
She could have had a better future
This is uncle and aunt
What a virtue this is
do not you know?
Xiaoba followed them
will be taken care of
What is this bad thing?
when we are separated from our families
You can also make money
Send Xiaoqi and Xiaoba to school
Whose life is better and whose life is worse?
Not necessarily yet
But what do you mean today?
as long as he is alive
This family cannot be separated
you didn't always mean it
I mean
what do you think?
mom, tell me
Your dad only wants you
I want a son now
But don’t think about the future at all
This person is your third aunt
She just pretends to be pitiful
My mother could tell right away
I just made a plan
She wants our family to raise her son as her son
Wait until the future children grow up
She told the truth again
Can't the baby kiss her?
Not to mention your third aunt
This is Leanne Mannier
That Xiaoqi
What is a fuel-saving lamp?
future
our home
But it was their third room that made the decision.
Mother
flowers
until that day
I have been married for a long time
not with mom
my mom is alone
How should I live, Huair?
She's still considering adoption
depressed
I don't have this free time
rather than unhappy
Why not listen to the wind and the chirping of insects?
Just now when I was working
I've thought about it
Ever since mom gave birth
not born yet
There is still room for change
I can't do anything, don't do it
just gave up
beside
Let's make money together
can't delay
I must make a lot of money from this
Dare I ask your Excellency?
Do you know how to train yourself?
Wait until you finish harvesting the peanuts
Let's go pick up the remaining peanuts
Make garlic peanuts and sell them
You can make more money picking thistles.
This is uncle and aunt
What a virtue this is
do not you know?
Xiaoba will grow up if he follows them
What is this bad thing?
third lady
Pure Tibetan Grandma
Are you going to the fields?
The rice harvest in the fields is almost over
I'll take a look
Slower
OK
third uncle
Manier
What happened to Sister Ye?
third aunt
Hey, everyone, come back and take a look
Mother
damn it
Mom, wake up
The child is his mother-in-law
Mother
What happened to my mother?
The third lady has fetal gas
I can't wait for Bobo One to arrive.
I'll induce labor first.
she gave birth to a boy
pity
As soon as this comes out
he lost his breath
no breathing
What does this mean, there is no same thing?
Where did you throw it?
let me see
What does it mean to have no soul?
Manier, calm down first.
calm down first
Li Langzhong
Auntie not yet
Escape?
Can you think of another way?
There's no point in staying here
Sanyang's bleeding did not stop.
I suggest you plan ahead.
that's all
it cannot last more than four hours
we just agreed to adopt it
Something big happened
Mother
. my wife
what happened?
Who knows what misfortune happened to her?
Don't stay at home
I have to go for a walk.
Chunzhu's grandma fell down
Bring it again
The doctor told me that he was hopeless.
What cannot be saved?
The village doctor cannot do this
Just go to the city and look for it.
The town doctor can't do it
Just go to the county seat to find him.
My mother will definitely be saved.
I'm going to find a doctor
The doctor said there was a lot of blood
Unable to save
I'll call the doctor
You will live with your aunt
Manier
Believe me
Auntie will be fine
you
Mom, please promise me
Mom, please reply.
damn it
Mother
Is the water boiling?
Get more fabric
OK
People inside are being rescued.
Now, Brother Heng has entered the house
Do you have ginseng in your hand?
Do you care what medications your doctor uses?
etc.
third child
The old man is in the hall at the moment
waiting for news
Everyone in the village knows
Something happened to my aunt
If you are in a hurry at this time
No medicine allowed
The old man will be angry again if he looks back
you are right
third child
Our family can't afford ginseng
What's more, this kid is still from the Wang family.
What is a barefoot doctor?
Unreliable
third child
listen to your mother
let's use cheaper medicine
It can also be saved
third child
when your mother gave birth to you
the weather is really cold
how difficult
Mother is in great pain
I almost risked my life.
Mother
I woke up
you're awake
Mother
damn it
Xiao Qi
I'm here
Mother
Manil Niang
damn it
Come on baby, damn it
Come
child's mother's uncle
uncle
Come, come, come
Mother
don't sleep
One breath left
Is there no other way?
have
Acupuncture multiple acupoints simultaneously
but
Aunt Zhang bleeds a lot
Next stitch
maybe your mother
uncle
keep cracking it
OK
OMG
I want to save her too
But our family is very poor
Just using such a drug is expensive
The whole family is about to eat glutinous rice bran.
Why is my life so miserable?
I am a little flower girl
he came here
just married
louder
Let the whole village see it
who do you think You Are?
how dare you tell me
milk
Dadi looks at me
Let me go
Life is in danger inside
So aunt is very scared
So he died
You will regret this
I
elder sister
Mom woke up
this drives me crazy
I'm home
when getting married
I'm a little girl too
stop shaking
dad
Sanal
What's up with her
dad
your daughter-in-law
he is saved
save him
it's small
No contact with our Lian family
Just give him a good burial.
all
Let's all go home and rest.
second child
tomorrow you
Go to the fields to pick rice
Collect and ship back
Sanal
Stop getting down on the floor.
Serve my wife at home
Let's all go back and rest.
dad
I want to discuss something with you
you say
baby this time
Half my life is wasted
This was specially ordered by Hengge
she needs a break
have you seen
Can you give it to my daughter-in-law?
Make up for this rice noodles
and white
What do you do with your father?
to son's third wife
Add some white flour to the eggs
If the family doesn’t raise money,
Then he chose you
Some jewelry of He Xiuer
Go be a fool
I am angry
Why are you still there?
I thought you had already paid
After Brother Heng
Just came back
you didn't sleep all night
I can not sleep
Something big happened at home
Xiaoqi is still young
I can't live without anyone
Where is my father?
all day
She even let her grandma lead her by the nose.
what
worse than one thing
Then there is still time
I sigh here
Have you ever fed chickens?
Have you washed the dishes?
He promised to help me earn two hundred taels of silver
save my compatriots
Did you make money?
when?
she keeps telling me this
Sister Ye
How did you get here?
How is third aunt?
Don't worry, it'll be fine
Just be fine
Sister Ye
What do you have to say?
nothing
usually your mom
Are you a careless person?
of course not
i know what you are thinking
But before mom falls asleep
I've already asked her
explain
Really exactly the same
accidentally fell down
has a problem
There must be something fishy
Are you going to the fields?
Slower
OK
Sanyang, what's wrong with you?
How did you fall?
What did he touch?
Brother Youheng is very smart.
why are you here
When I was treating Aunt Zhang
She accidentally found it on her belly
There are some scratches
It's like I've been beaten
The rest is difficult
But I heard Manil's father say
Aunt Zhang
But he collapsed on the edge of the pitch
when farmers till the land
it will never stay like this
clear stones
maybe someone
Did you do it on purpose?
Although I was very skeptical last night
But he didn't dare to jump to conclusions easily
Now I see the rope
Then you can guess 70-80%
this rope
He should be the one to do it
After Aunt Zhang used it on a business trip,
It's been eliminated here
Brother Yang
Don’t you go to the government to solve the problem?
pity
And you
She didn't see Aunt Zhang's injuries
Why are you looking for him?
Although no injuries were recorded
But look at people's hearts
You can also view details
several days ago
Mr. Lian
I want an aunt's child
Adoption for eldest son
Once someone makes this suggestion
Auntie lost the child
How could there be such a coincidence in the world?
just a family
He looks affectionate on the surface
In fact, everyone has their own ideas
I'm just here to find out
Who did it?
you already know
This rope alone is not enough
there is a person
can i clarify my idea
Sister Ye
Manier
sit
Come and sit
these days
They all eat millet and steamed buns
There is no oil or water in my stomach
You want to eat something good too, right?
Come
this
This is the egg you just boiled
This egg is not daddy
Are you here to rejuvenate your mother's body?
How can you give it to me?
My mother gave you this
I didn't give it to you
explain
You are the one who does the most work in the whole family
the most tired person
He told me to give it to you
eat quickly
Grandma and the others will be in the kitchen soon
Found it while cooking
But I can't eat anymore
I have no expectations
My mother still cares about you
it seems
You are only superficially distant
alone
In fact, we're pretty close, aren't we?
you do not know
when my mother gave birth to me
I found out I'm a girl
she does not love me
My dad doesn't love me either
So just take me
Sent to third aunt's house
when I was young
He was raised by his third aunt
You weren't born yet
Third aunt loves children so much
but her baby
but no more
Third aunt must be very sad
Yes
all day
Just lying in bed in a daze
He was stunned all day
Chanting Xiao Ba over and over again
Mom's body hurts
Healed quickly
hurt my heart
I don’t know how long it will take to get better
not to mention
Baby falling is not an accident
Yes or no
I have no idea
Sister Ye
you know this
I
Manier, I really don't know.
You just said that my mother is the most suitable for you
She thought it was the same
put the baby down
I can't eat every day
I can not sleep
Why don't you tell the truth?
Why can't you?
Make mom feel better
not me
It's not that I don't want to say it
I can't say
Why can't you tell me?
someone forced you
don't force me
you can't say
Because this rope is yours
Manier
this rope
she is your mother
Found near a field I stumbled across.
Your mother is tied up with this rope
stagnation
this is not you
Are firewood ropes used frequently?
You are the only one at home
Go up the mountain to cut firewood
Manier
The rope is mine
But it's really not me
I didn't say you did it
the person who did it
The method is not smart
when my aunt tripped in the field
very difficult
My hand is hurt too
So one side of the rope
There will be blood stains
but look at you
No wounds on hands
There must be someone
Deliberately take a firewood rope
So when things unfold
Frames very well
Now even my family
Whose hand is injured?
who did this
This should be easy to figure out, right?
The day my aunt fell
you saw it with your own eyes
So I came that day
undecided
Should I tell the truth?
I was the one who said her name
up to you
What
I said these days
I lay on the bed tossing and turning
Flip the pancake over
Such a big thing happened to this family
Yes
this is not true
How much does my daughter weigh?
Can I not explain clearly?
I give you ten courages
You don't even dare to do such a thing
Yes or no
Even the flowers control you
I didn't say anything
My mother said it herself
When am I?
You still protect her
you are just like your mother
firm eyes
Look at that Lianhuaer
That bitch
How dare I use you as a gunman?
This is the work of Leanne Manier
She bullies me all day
Flowers want to help me
He just asked my third sister-in-law and me to go on a trip.
What do we call it Liane Manier
she is angry
But who knows?
The fall of the third sister-in-law
he fell hard
You are a heartless girl
Lianhuaer is working hard to support you
What good intentions might she have?
So what should I do now?
If the third brother and father knew
Are you still alive?
don't cry
What are the benefits of crying?
It's like digging lotus roots in a pond
Very narrow-minded
You have to be careful with Lian Hua'er